Description of Simulator Keys
==============================

The market simulator uses a number of typesafe keys in order to pass parameters from a specification file to agents in the simulator.
Below is a table with all of the keys and any desription of them.
Note: This is autogenerated from the keys specification and javadocs.

Key | Type | Description
----|------|------------
`ArrivalRate` | `Double` | The probability that an agent arrives at any time step.
`ClearInterval` | `Long` | The clearing interval for a call market.
`Expiration` | `TimeStamp` | The max amount of time to leave an order in the market.
`FundamentalMean` | `Double` | The mean of the gaussain fundamental.
`FundamentalMeanReversion` | `Double` | The rate at which the fundamental reverts towards the mean.
`FundamentalObservationVariance` | `Double` | Variance of added noise to any fundamental observation.
`FundamentalShockProb` | `Double` | The probability of a jump.
`FundamentalShockVar` | `Double` | The variance of the shocks in the fundamental.
`Markets` | `Iterable<T>` | The markets that are constructed in the simulator.
`MaxPosition` | `Integer` | The maximum absolute position an agent can hold.
`NumRungs` | `Integer` | Number of rungs to submit.
`NumShockOrders` | `Integer` | Number of order the shock agent will submit.
`PriceVarEst` | `Double` | Markov agent\'s estimate variance for price relative to the fundamental.
`Pricing` | `Double` | Whether the call market biases towards buyer or seller, 0 -> buyer price, 1 -> seller price.
`PrivateValueVar` | `Double` | Variance used in generating an agents private value.
`ProfitDemanded` | `Integer` | The maximum profit demanded from a trend front run.
`RandomSeed` | `Long` | The seed used to initialize all observations. If omitted, it is initialized with the time.
`Rmax` | `Integer` | The maximum surplus an agent will demand.
`Rmin` | `Integer` | The minimum surplus an agent will demand.
`RungSep` | `Integer` | Separation between successive rungs.
`RungThickness` | `Integer` | Number of orders per rung.
`Sides` | `T` | How agents should decide what side to pick.
`SimLength` | `Long` | The number of time steps in the simulator.
`Spread` | `Double` | Spread between best bid and best ask.
`SubmitDepth` | `Integer` | How many orders per side an agent should submit.
`Thresh` | `Double` | The fraction of demanded surplus necessary for an agent to submit an order at bid or ask.
`TickImprovement` | `Boolean` | Whether to tweak rung by a tick.
`TickOutside` | `Boolean` | Place tick improvement outside spread, instead of default inside.
`TimeToLiquidate` | `Long` | Amount of time the shock agent has to liquidate.
`TimeValue` | `TimeStamp` | [No Info Provided]
`TrendLength` | `Integer` | The minimum length of a monotonic trend to act.
`Type` | `T` | Whether an agent should buy or sell.
